## Run Simulations for Each Method in Each Simulation Scenario

### 1. Navigate to the `simulation` Folder

### 2. Navigate to the Corresponding Folder for Each Scenario
<div style="margin-left: 27px;">
For each simulation scenario (i.e., frequent exposure & outcome, rare exposure, and rare outcome), go to the appropriate folder (i.e., `frequent`, `rare_exposure`, and `rare_outcome`, respectively).
</div>

### 3. Running Simulations for Each Method:

<div style="margin-left: 27px;">
#### 3.1 For Each Method Except SL Methods:

<div style="margin-left: 30px;">
##### 3.1.1 Navigate to the Corresponding Folder for Each Method

<div style="margin-left: 40px;">
Each folder contains 1 to 3 files. For folders containing more than one file, the file name will indicate the SL library used, with filenames ending in `_1` for the 1-learner library, `_3` for the 3-learner library, and `_4` for the 4-learner library.
</div>


##### 3.1.2 Run the File to Generate the Results

<div style="margin-left: 40px;">
Run the file to generate the simulation results. To adjust the number of simulation iterations, modify the values of `iterStart` and `iterStop`. The total number of simulations generated will be: `iterStop - iterStart + 1`.
</div>

##### 3.1.3 View the Results
<div style="margin-left: 40px;">
The estimated results will be provided in the data frame `resultDF`.
</div>
</div>

#### 3.2 For the SL Methods:

<div style="margin-left: 30px;">
##### 3.2.1 Run the Corresponding TMLE Method

<div style="margin-left: 40px;">
Follow the instructions in section `3.1` to run the corresponding TMLE method. For example, to generate simulation results for the `hdPS.SL` method using the 1-learner library, first run the simulation for the `hdPS.TMLE` method with the 1-learner library. The simulation code for SL methods with the 3- and 4-learner libraries is in the same file (denoted by `_3_4` at the end of the file name), and the corresponding TMLE method for both the 3- and 4-learner libraries needs to be run.
</div>

##### 3.2.2 Copy the Weight Folder Generated by the TMLE Method

<div style="margin-left: 40px;">
After running the TMLE method, copy the generated weight folder named `weight` followed by the corresponding `method name(s)` and paste it into the SL folder. Do **not** change the folder name.
</div>

##### 3.2.3 Run the SL File to Generate the Results

<div style="margin-left: 40px;">
Run the SL file to generate the results. As with other methods, the number of simulation iterations can be adjusted by modifying the `iterStart` and `iterStop` values. The total number of simulations generated will be: `iterStop - iterStart + 1`.
</div>

##### 3.2.4 View the Results
<div style="margin-left: 40px;">
The estimated results will be provided in the data frame `resultDF`.
</div>
</div>
</div>
